# PyLadies Gglobal Meeting
Mar 11 2020 @ 10:00 PT / 12:00 CT


### Attendees (GitHub Handles):

     1. @mariatta - PyLadies Vancouver - she/her
     2. @bethany - PyLadies Oakland - she/her
     3. @amadikwajoyn - PyLadies Owerri - she/her
     4. @elainewong - PyLadies Toronto - she/her
     5. @lorenanicole - PyLadies Chicago - she/her

### Agenda:  https://github.com/pyladies/global-organizing/issues/62

### Project Updates
1. **Project Comms** (Slack: #project-communication / [Repo](https://github.com/pyladies/project-communications))  
Marie Louise and Abigail meet before their monthly meeting, check issues, sometimes the timeline is confusing for announcing membership registration but on track now.
    -  Another problem: bandwidth people have.
    -  Also need to develop some more tooling for blog posts and Slack announcements.  
    - **Please weigh in!** https://github.com/pyladies/project-communications/issues/24
  


2. **Project Admin & Logistics** (Slack: #project-admin-logistics / [Repo](https://github.com/pyladies/project-admin-logisitics ))  
We'd like to move away from using Mynt for the PyLadies website.  
   - See [pyladies/pyladies/issues/161](https://github.com/pyladies/pyladies/issues/161) for discussion and details.


3. **Project Tech & Infra** (Slack: #project-tech-infra / [Repo](https://github.com/pyladies/pyladies))  
   - **new forms!**  
[New chapter registration](https://github.com/pyladies/project-admin-logisitics/blob/master/forms/new-chapter.md) -- (_**needs google form link**_)
 [password reset](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdxDyQKWazc8Fjj0yc8B-ZJDuHTp-SByBauxycCPTxoQa9x-Q/viewform) 
[register](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf43R4FbiIE4z76k5z42UU4HKMKJnTr2ldh4KecE4WRTJZLUw/viewform?usp=sf_link) & [un-register](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf-elSOpZg5BD9AntB7g9nYIofz3JtyY1jj7CWV52TtpHo7dQ/viewform) chapter
[PyLadies organizer registration](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf-elSOpZg5BD9AntB7g9nYIofz3JtyY1jj7CWV52TtpHo7dQ/viewform)
[PyLadies member registration](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfknZgGu8HRA9UXiKoD0MWZ-vxOMHKRK5kJ_iK67tZq2pV6Qg/viewform?usp=sf_link) -- (_English link, but form includes links to other languages_)  
   - We can link to these (website, repo, someplace in Slack??)
   - Can comms team help us communicate these with organizers?

### Review Action Items from Last Month
Action Item| Owner | Relevant links | Completed
| --| --| --| --|
| Registering Members for General Election:  to create forms |  @bethanyg  | https://github.com/pyladies/global-organizing/issues/54  |  --|
| Registering Members for General Election:  to create forms |  @lorenanicole  | https://github.com/pyladies/global-organizing/issues/54 | --|
| Registering Members for General Election: Translation of form questions | @elainewong @deboraazevedo | https://github.com/pyladies/global-organizing/issues/54 | --|
| Contact point to PyLadies repo - https://github.com/pyladies/info & setup Info Repo | @jtemporal | https://github.com/pyladies/pyladies/issues/428 | --|
| PyLadies Chapter Creation Policy - Feedback due by Feb 25 2020 | @pyladies/pyladies-global-contributors @pyladies/pyladies-global-admin  @mariatta | https://github.com/pyladies/project-admin-logisitics/pull/13  | --|

### New Business
-  [ ] @Mariatta : We want to evaluate if [Bevy](https://www.bevyhq.com/) will be suitable for PyLadies. They're keen on supporting dev communities and especially PyLadies. They're interested in providing service for PyLadies community.
    - Please share feedback if you have any pain points about Meetup [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bTjhHL2wMTVjicmA14FbxUeRaU-TfG7I4Nkbkn88-pE/edit?usp=sharing). (login using pyladies account) It will help us evaluate the two services.
> The Bevy development team wants to start giving back to the greater dev community by providing dev-supported version of the service.  PyLadies, with its global leadership and many distributed chapters, might make a good fit.


 
- [ ] PyCon US #covid19 updates, how does this impact PyLadies Global Council election?
  - It doesn't impact us! **Timeline continues as is:**  https://github.com/pyladies/global-organizing/issues/46
    - Automation with Zapier for doing verification for members at large
    - Verification is:
         - X weeks later email confirming: email, in pyladies slack, agree code of conduct  

- [ ] PyLadies Remote #WomensHistoryMonth #InternationalWomensMonth

### Old Business: Follow up items from prior meeting:
  - [ ] Where are we at with PyLadies Global Election tracking issue?
     - https://github.com/pyladies/global-organizing/issues/59 


### Action Items and Assignees for Next Meeting

Action Item| Owner | Relevant links | 
| --| --| --|

@pyladies/pyladies-global-contributors 
@pyladies/pyladies-global-admin 
