Agenda Issue: https://github.com/pyladies/global-organizing/issues/1

Attendees:
@RachellCalhoun 
@Mariatta 
@katialira 
@lorenanicole 

### New Business

*PyLadies governance model: review the slide stack here (by @lorenanicole). Which one do we want to recommend?*

Overall we prefer the R-Ladies model as it:
+ PyLadies brand front and central
+ Gives opportunities for different levels of engagement
+ Directly captures input from May 2019 meeting

Next steps: get an issue open for public comment from smaller organizer group, then open to larger community.

*Onboarding new chapter: I'm seeing a number of emails regarding this. What can we do to help? Is there a checklist? What can be automated? (by @Mariatta)*

+ Create a list of all chapters including: @mariatta @katialira
	- Point person
	- Active or not
	- Notes: Have we contacted them? If so, when?
	- Resources we have:
		- Form spreadsheet with responses [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17-qiW9Xd59vxd-zc6HtBh0l2NgtIKaL3qJzyhBST2wU/edit?usp=sharing)
	- What we need:
		- Access to registration form
		- Access to Google Account as admin (so we can create email addresses)
+ Revise the onboarding checklist http://kit.pyladies.com/en/latest/prospective/index.html#process-overview, specifically on the "If you haven’t heard from anyone within a week, please ping us! Once you do, you will be given a PyLadies email address, which is also your Google Apps account."
	- Once the form is filled out, we should start automating notifications to Slack about open requests
		- Example: add the name of the chapter to a list of open requests, this list is pinged to a Slack channel biweekly for the volunteers who oversee this
	- Example process to get a chapter started:
		- Check if chapter exists by:
			- Checking if there's an email address that exists
			- Look if they have a MeetUp, see if have activity within 6 months
		- Create email address
		- Add organizers to:
			- Slack
				- When in Slack, need to add to #organizers
+ Note: We need an offboarding process for chapters

*How do we want to share resources of PyLadies material? e.g. tutorials, talks done by PyLadies members/chapters. Vancouver has their own resource: https://pyladies-vancouver.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ It would be great to unify. (by @Mariatta)*

+ Create a GitHub repository - github.com/pyladies/pyladies-resources - to upload resources 
	- Do a call for resources in Slack!
	- Include in the README, "Terms of Use: These resources are meant to be used by all Pyladies chapters! This is how to attribute the work to the chapter ... (fill in language)"

*Would we be interested in meeting IRL in the fall again to continue the work of this small group? by @lorenanicole*

+ We have members attending DjangoCon USA in San Diego in late Sept, maybe we can plan an IRL or remote workshop that day

### Open Discussion:

*Updating the Pyladies website, need to get deployment info (@rachel)
- Follow up with Lynn

*Code of Conduct training, there may be open seats in the PyGotham Otter Tech training, is anyone interested?*
- Mariatta 

### Action Items

1. Make a listing of all PyLadies chapters including which active and who the point of contact is (@Mariatta @katialira)
  - Requirements:
     - Access to signup PyLadies form
     - Access to PyLadies Google Account
2. Research what to automate after the PyLadies registation form is filled out (@Mariatta)
  - Ideas:
    - set up bot to post when form is filled
    - create email address
    - invite to slack
    - invite to organizers slack
    - check if chapter exists/active
3. Create a GitHub repo, containing resources/talks/tutorials from various meetups, with purpose that other chapters can re-use the talks/resources (@lorenanicole)
4. Work on updating website, checkin with @lynnroot on this (@RachellCalhoun)
5. Open GitHub issue for comment on governance models (@lorenanicole)
6. Post meeting minutes (@lorenanicole)
